♪ MTV ♪
So, Kansas City.
When is payback time?
The guy went home
in a black fucking trash bag.
I think I sent
a pretty brutal message.
[Thresher]
Mr. Manfredi.
I'm gonna break in your jaw
if you don't stop interfering
in my fucking business.
Think you can come here,
get whatever you want,
- but you can't.
- [shotgun racks]
Whatever's happening here,
take it someplace else.
Saved by the bell.
[Dwight]
Sorry I'm late.
No talk of you-know-who.
Forget him.
I'm interested in your journey
'cause you're a mystery.
[Bodhi]
Can I help you gentlemen?
[grunts]
Dwight, these guys showed up,
they're trashing the equipment!
♪ exciting music
***
[grunting]
- Who sent you?
- Thresher.
Took you long enough.
I had a few things to do.
Don't let Chickie
catch you sitting there,
- that's his spot.
- It's Pete's. He killed him.
Maybe there's some coin that
could still be made out west.
Let me arrange a sit-down. Us,
- Bevilaqua, Dwight.
- [Goodie] When did you become
- peacemaker?
- People change when
situations change.
♪ blues rock music
***
- [Dwight] Hey, Tina.
- [Tina] Yep?
I'm not gonna be gone that long.
I'll be home before dinner.
Now, what exactly
is going on in Atlanta?
We're gonna try to
work out some misunderstandings.
So it's a sit-down.
How do you...
"Sit-down?"
Where did you hear that term?
Oh, well, it's not like she
didn't grow up in this family.
It's not like she heard it
around the house.
On another note,
I've been thinking about it,
and, uh, I'd like to get a gun.
Why?
Well, there's this liquor store
down by the strip mall,
and, uh, Aunt Joanne and I
want to rob it.
Comedian now, right?
For protection, Dad.
But we have security.
Well, most of the time.
Not every second.
Yeah, God forbid,
I'm home alone with the boys,
something happens.
Hmm.
This okay with you?
- Her having a gun?
- Yeah.
Well, you know, a frying pan's
not gonna cut it, Dwight.
I don't think
she's that responsible.
- I don't know.
- [Tina] Excuse me.
First of all, I'm-I'm at
the table with you, right?
- Mmm.
- [Tina] And I'm a very
responsible adult. Do you
really want to play this game,
of who's more responsible?
Have you ever shot a gun?
...22 rifle in the Poconos.
That's not a gun.
That's a popgun.
That's like a cork.
That's like a paper clip
and a rubber band.
That's like a BB gun
or something.
This goes against my instincts,
but I'll-I'll find you
somebody's, okay?
Thank you, Daddy.
[Dwight]
You're welcome.
♪ percussive, upbeat music
***
[Soaky Siren's
"Kombucha" playing]
♪ Yeah, pull up real clean
♪ Yeah, Chevy look clean
♪ Yeah, glass like cling
♪ Yeah, when
I pour my drink... ♪
What do you need, Armand?
Yeah, I'm not sure.
Something different.
You didn't like
the Pineapple Passionfruit?
You know what, it was fine.
It just made me a little...
- buzzy.
- Yeah.
Elderberry Enhanced Gummies.
They're like a glass of wine
after a 90-minute massage.
That sounds good.
Morning.
Where's Fred?
I-I guess he's running late.
Lock the doors
until he gets here.
[speaking indistinctly]
Fuck happened to you?
Oh, these?
Just a few of
the many benefits of
being partners
with Dwight Manfredi.
Dwight did that to you?
No.
Some Asian goons showed up
to the wind farm.
They attacked us.
Why? Because of that
Kansas City thing?
I don't think so.
Seems like it had
something to do with that guy
who hosted the fundraiser
that we all went to.
♪ ominous dramatic music ♪
***
All right, try it again.
- [starter clicking]
- Damn.
Not today, not today.
That anything?
Nah, it's-it's dead.
Dad, I-I thought you just
changed the alternator.
Yes, yes. This is the starter.
I can't get
a new one till tomorrow.
It's not in stock.
The hell am I gonna do?
I got three jobs today.
Let me see if I can make a call.
Just-just hold on.
Let me-let me see if can...
Hold on.
[line ringing]
[Dwight]
Yeah, what's up?
[Tyson]
Hey, boss. Um,
my dad's van just broke down.
He got a couple plumbing jobs
today.
I know you're in Atlanta.
I just wanted to see
if it's cool
we can use the Navigator
to help him out,
give him a hand?
Yeah, only on
one condition, though.
If you guys decide to pump
out some septic tanks,
you'll pay to have
the Navigator fumigated.
I get it. That's fair enough,
that's fair enough.
- Oh, listen. Hey, Tyson.
- Yes, sir.
Stay alert.
Keep your head on a swivel.
Yes, sir. Of course.
I'm practically an owl, boss.
What's that mean,
you got night vision?
Nah, they got, like, 14 bones
in their neck, they can
- turn their head all the way...
- Thanks, Tyson.
- You know, it's--
- [line disconnects]
[scoffs] Try to drop that
science on somebody,
they don't even want to hear it.
Now my life's complete.
All right, yo, we in
the presidential today.
We-we riding clean.
That right there. Hey, yes, sir.
All right, well,
let's get the tools.
Let's get the tools. [laughs]
♪ bluesy guitar music
***
[car door closes]
[car door opens]
[footsteps approaching]
You wanted to see me.
[Jackie]
Eight guards,
seven of them
completely out of commission.
Yeah, they'll be fine
in a couple of days.
And meanwhile, what?
No guards.
Who watches over the trimmers?
We can bring in more
guards, Jackie.
[scoffs]
That's not the point.
The trimmers see the guards
beaten and bruised,
they sense weakness.
What kind of message
does that send?
I think you're
overreacting a bit.
Because you're costing us money!
Medical bills,
a work slow-down,
all because the trimmers
aren't supervised.
We're making a ton of cash,
business is great.
And this is our business.
Yeah.
Not whatever petty battles
you're fighting
in your personal life.
I think perhaps
you need to partake in
our product a little bit.
Relax, Jackie.
[Ktoe's "Holy Ghost" playing]
[Tyson]
Damn, Dad,
this is some ghetto shit
out here.
You forget I grew up
in this neighborhood?
This, uh, this North Tulsa?
Yeah.
Moved here when I was three.
Wow.
- That's crazy.
- [chuckling]
Look at you over there.
Man, I could get used to this.
[both laughing]
- You like that, huh?
- Yeah.
It's got that
seat warmer over there, too.
What? No shit?
- True, yeah.
- Oh.
You-you keep on riding with me,
you gonna be out here
styling for real.
Oh, oh, okay, big-time.
Keep on.
Uh, it's the house over here,
with-with the old car
in the driveway.
[Mark]
Oh, damn. I feel that...
I feel that heat already, boy.
Like that.
- There it is, right there.
- I see.
[Navigator door opens]
- [Mark] TC!
- [door closes]
Oh, what's this?
New truck?
Mine's broken.
This is, uh, Tyson's.
You remember him?
Now, do not tell me
this man is little Tyson.
[Mark chuckles]
Oh, man, you were knee-high
last I saw you.
And what the hell
they feeding you?
Whatever on that table.
[laughs]
- Yes.
- [Mark] Come on, man.
[laughs]
Yeah, TC's my first customer.
Yeah, just back when
I bought this house.
'Course, uh,
Esther was alive then.
Right, right.
So, what you got going on?
Well, I'll tell you
what I don't got,
and that's hot water.
All right, well,
let's take a look.
[TC] All right,
y'all come on in here.
♪ ominous music
***
What you taking there? Vitamins?
Xanax.
For the anxiety.
What are you
so worried about, bud?
Flying. I fucking hate it.
I mean, I see these
movies from the 1940s,
they way people
used to travel by train.
They were dressed nice.
Looks like paradise.
Trains crash, too, you know.
Dutchman's Curve, Tennessee?
Two trains collided, top speed.
Shit, over a hundred
people killed.
One man's head-- well,
what was left
of the fucking thing--
they found quarter mile
down the way.
[door closes]
You probably didn't need
to hear all that.
- Morning, Dwight.
- Morning, guys.
Hey.
What's that?
A barf bag for your flight.
- [Mitch and Dwight laugh]
- Not funny.
- You're a little funny.
- It's a little funny.
I mean, I got serious issues
with flying.
- Okay, fine.
- It is a little funny.
Bigfoot's in the car.
I'll be out in a minute.
[Goodie] You got it.
I'll see you out there.
What's up?
[sighs] I need a favor.
- Talk to me.
- [Dwight] Tina wants to learn
how to shoot a gun, but
the only thing she's ever shot
is a .22 in the Poconos,
which really doesn't count.
Well, that's probably
a good thing.
Less bad habits to correct.
Well, I need something small,
manageable to start off with.
Like a .44 Magnum?
[scoffs, laughs]
Yeah, like she's Dirty Harry.
- She's not gonna shoot bear.
- [laughs]
You got it?
- For the favor, huh?
- I'll take care of her.
- Good. Thanks.
- Yeah.
All right, TC, you let me know
if it acts up again.
Oh, I most certainly will.
[Mark]
Uh-huh. And thanks for this.
- And thank you.
- Take care.
- All right.
- All right, okay.
- He pays you in food?
- [door closes]
Well, this ain't just food, boy,
this is TC's famous chili.
Even still, you bust your ass
for a hour
working on his water heater
for no money?
He's an old friend, all right?
And he hired my young ass
when no one else would.
At least got
a couple hundred bucks
for a job like that
or something.
Son, not everything has a price.
[car chimes]
[Chickie]
One thing I learned
from my old man:
let the other side
do most of the talking.
Yeah, give 'em enough rope
to hang themself.
Exactly.
This fucking Dwight, though.
He's got a head like cement.
Hey, you keep hitting cement
long enough,
it'll start to crack.
Between us and Bevilaqua,
we get Dwight to cut a deal,
end the stalemate.
Nobody likes uncertainty.
[indistinct announcement
over P.A.]
[metal detector beeps]
The fuck?
Fucking watch.
[metal detector beeps]
[TSA agent]
Step to the side, sir.
Right here?
Extend your arms.
Think it's the belt.
[wand beeps]
Please pull up
your pant leg, sir.
Fuck.
Forgot I had it.
♪ slow, dramatic music
Jesus Christ. What the fuck?
It was an accident.
Put your hands
behind your back, sir.
Look, guys,
it was an honest mistake.
Just take the gun.
I got a carry permit.
I got an important meeting
in Atlanta.
- You're being detained, sir.
- The fuck you
- talking about, detained?
- Come on.
- Go fuck yourself.
- Stop resisting.
I'm not fucking resisting.
[TSA agent]
Just keep it moving.
[Chickie]
Just take the fucking gun.
- Fucking asshole.
- [TSA agent] Door.
[Chickie]
Hey. Hey.
Earn a fucking merit badge.
♪ dramatic music
[door closes]
[King Pleasure's
"Don't Worry 'Bout Me" playing]
- What do you call these again?
- [chuckles]
Focaccia.
Oh, my God. Fuck.
- What are these infused with?
- Love.
Oh, my God. Will you marry me?
- Would you like another piece?
- Oh.
Twist my arm.
Mmm. What are we listening to?
Oh, King Pleasure.
King Pleasure?
- Someone you found on OnlyFans?
- No, Bodhi,
this is real music.
Like they used to play on WBLS.
Terrestrial radio.
From yesteryear.
Well, you know,
some things are classic.
Like this focaccia.
Wait until you taste
my struffoli.
Your what?
These fried dough balls
with sprinkles on them.
They're amazing.
Customers are devouring them.
What customers?
Mmm.
Oh, my God.
Mm.
Fuck, that's good.
Okay, you won us over
with your baked goods.
Do you have any experience
growing or cultivating?
Yeah, I do. Parsley, basil,
tomato, eggplant, gagootz.
Which would be great if we were
starting a farmers market,
but...
Maybe you should.
You're not joking.
Look, the... (clears throat)
profit margin
on even Belgian endive would not
keep the electricity on here.
But I do have some ideas
that I think will help, and...
why don't we just, you know...
...go into your office,
talk about it.
Do I have a choice?
[Goodie]
So what do you want to do
about Thresher?
Let's focus on Bevilaqua
Here's the thing--
since the dinosaurs,
these guys have been like a boil
on the ass of New York
and Chicago.
Even at their height,
they were a Mickey Mouse outfit.
- So, he overcompensates.
- It's an act, Goodie,
it's an act.
"Affection through achievement."
What's that?
Basic gratification.
[laughs] Where's the gate?
It's gate 12.
Southwest flight 2561.
Boarding group 3.
Really shitty seats.
You ask me, they're all shitty.
What's your problem?
Dwight, I have a serious
flying phobia.
Eh, it's common.
Well, be that as it may,
I'm still afraid to fly.
Flying's fine.
What he's afraid of
is suddenly not flying and
being picked up with tweezers.
Fucking ball-breaker.
♪ ambling blues playing
[Joanne]
You guys ever hear
of drop-shipping?
I think so.
Is that where you use
an intermediary
to store your product
and then they ship it for you?
- Yeah, more or less.
- [Bodhi] Okay, well,
I don't know, sounds like
a hassle. Lot of red tape.
No. Not if you know
what you're doing.
You're leaving a fortune
on the table.
We'd use the mails? I mean...
THC is still federally illegal.
Yeah, but CBD isn't.
We would base
your drop-shipping business
on CBD products.
That would leave us
in the clear.
We just have to stay
within state limits.
You've got the inventory.
We don't even need a middleman,
just a website.
I guess that could work.
How long would it take
to set up?
I don't know, two or three days
for the website.
Maybe in a week.
Wouldn't hurt
to give it a try.
I mean, this is something
I could run from home.
Well, that won't work.
Why not?
Who's gonna bring us
our struffoli?
[short chuckle]
[Mitch]
Been coming here since
I was a kid.
It's actually where my pops
taught me how to shoot.
That's cute.
- Yeah?
- [laughs]
It's good you're coming here,
doing this.
Get you a little peace of mind.
That's what we're here for.
Shall we?
Well, the first rule of guns
is safety first.
Safety always.
Especially when you got kids.
I'll get you a lockbox and
a trigger guard just like this,
prevents the gun from firing.
All right. This I picked out
specifically for you.
It's the Glock 42 Subcompact
...380 automatic.
It's lightweight.
It's got a six-round,
single stack magazine,
plus one in the chamber,
makes for seven shots.
- Okay.
- Loaded?
Yup.
Unloaded?
Yes?
Wrong.
This is critical.
Look, just because
there's not a magazine
in the gun
doesn't mean there's not
a bullet already in the chamber.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- Louder than I expected.
- You see?
Yeah. Some warning.
I can't tell you how many
people have been killed
just because some idiot
incorrectly assumed
that a gun was empty.
Always assume
the gun is loaded
and never point it
at anything you're not
intending to shoot.
All right, understand.
- [exhales]
- Eyewear.
Thank you.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Slow down.
You're gonna wrap
your three lower fingers
and the thumb around the handle.
Keep your index finger
pointed straight
along the barrel
and off the trigger
- until you're ready to shoot.
- Got it.
Slowly raise up.
Slowly and evenly
pull back on the trig--
- [gasps]
- Jesus.
- Did I hit it?
- No.
- Oh. [laughs]
- But if that was an intruder
you would've scared
the shit out of him.
Hey, that's what I was
going for. It's a warning shot.
Little flesh wound.
- Let's go again.
- Okay.
- There you go.
- Ah!
You just knocked that son of a
bitch right in between his eyes.
That's what I'm talking about
right there.
Armand.
Eva, thank you.
Can I get either of you
anything?
No need.
[Armand clears his throat]
Hey, Cal, thanks for seeing me.
Sure. Please, take a seat.
You must have something good
for me, I trust.
No, not really. I was just...
actually, just hoping maybe
we could talk.
- Talk?
- Yeah, th-this thing
at-at Dwight's wind farm,
up in Galena?
Did you have anything
to do with that?
What thing? I'm-I'm not sure I
know what you're talking about.
That wasn't you?
Some kind of fight or something?
Bunch of Asian guys showed up.
I talked to Bodhi,
he works with Dwight, too,
he was pretty banged up.
I can't imagine I know
what you mean.
Look, I'm not stupid,
all right?
It's one thing for me
to tell you stuff,
but when you use the information
for shit like that,
that's my ass on the line.
You do realize I've given you
almost $50,000 already.
I appreciate it.
More than appreciate it.
And after taxes,
that's more than you make
in a year.
Do you think I did that out of
the goodness of my heart?
I mean, you said you wanted
to help me out.
What are you, a child?
Seriously, are you
that fucking stupid?
Everything in life
is transactional.
♪ ominous music ♪
Did you really not know that?
Look, I don't
want to do this anymore.
Do this?
Do-do... do what?
Give you information.
Tell you shit.
Dwight's too dangerous.
Huh. You think he's dangerous?
- Look--
- No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no.
You look.
I own you.
I have people out there
that will literally
skin you alive as soon as
they'd just look at you.
People for whom
life has less than no value.
If you ever tell me what you
will or won't do again,
I'll have your tongue
ripped out of your throat
and sent to your children.
Am I clear?
Am I?
Yeah.
Don't ever show up here again.
Fuck off.
♪ "Here I Am (Come and Take Me)"
by Al Green ♪
♪ I can't believe
that it's real ♪
♪ The way that
you make me feel...
Where the fuck are these guys?
That airport's a clusterfuck.
Excuse me.
[waitress]
How can I help you?
- Do you make milkshakes?
- We do.
- You want one?
- No. Who drinks that shit?
Bring two. You never know.
People change their mind.
Gotcha.
- [door opens]
- [entry bell jingles]
He's here.
Sorry I'm late.
Fucking Uber.
Where's Chickie?
- He's still at LaGuardia.
- Aw...
- He was detained.
- Why?
He had this pistol
in his ankle holster.
He brought a gun to a sit-down?
No. No, no.
He just forgot he had it.
It happens.
It happens if you're a moron.
See, on that we agree.
So, for the purposes
of this meeting,
you can speak for Chickie?
Absolutely.
Okay, good.
Let's get this going.
Would you like
to hear our specials?
Oh, no, thank you.
Sure. What do you got?
I'm not here to eat.
Know what I mean?
You're not curious
about the local cuisine?
You're interested,
is that right?
Mm-hmm.
What are the specialties?
Yeah, what are they?
Well, we have red beans
and rice,
collard greens,
southern oxtails,
hoppin' Johns, which is
black-eyed peas and rice,
- Mmm.
- candied yams,
pigs' feet and sweet potato pie.
Wow, how about that.
How about we get you
a plate of pigs' feet
for the ride home?
House specialty, yeah?
Good memory.
I think we're good for now, sweetheart.
Okay.
- There you go.
- Thank you.
Let's get this started.
What's on your mind, General?
No, you go first.
It's like I said
the last time we met:
Tulsa belongs to KC.
You got
the history lesson, right?
- I did.
- [Bevilaqua] Good. Yeah.
Point is you're
doing business on my turf,
and you don't want to even
entertain a reasonable offer.
Nothing.
We been here,
protecting, building, fighting
for what's ours
for fucking decades.
And then all of a sudden,
like a bad fucking magic trick,
you drop in
out of the fucking sky.
You got no backing,
you got no crew,
you got nothing.
And you actually
trying to take over
my fucking territory?
No agreements?
And you don't want
to give me anything?
I mean, let me ask you guys
a fucking question.
In what world
is that acceptable?
I want to know.
There's a flaw in your logic.
You assume that I automatically
agree that Tulsa's your turf.
Is there any part of Tulsa
that you have a piece of?
Say, garbage collecting,
construction, trucking? No.
You guys didn't even know
fucking Tulsa existed
until you found out I was here.
But you are there, Dwight.
Yeah, I am here,
and I'm talking to him.
How about outside of Tulsa?
Do you have a piece of that?
Do you have a piece
of the city of Galena
and our turbines?
Do you have a piece
of the Indian proceeds?
We don't fuck with the natives.
And that has no bearing
on this problem.
You are an outsider. Period.
Tulsa's mine.
Is this something
you really want
to fucking battle over, General?
Because you're gonna
fucking lose.
Maybe yes, maybe no.
But I was sent here
against my will
by his boss,
and I had to do
what I had to do to survive.
And I did survive.
I'm still surviving.
But if you're owed a debt,
that's on New York.
It's your obligation.
No, come--
That's bullshit. You owe.
If the envelopes stop,
so does your liability coverage.
Either way, I need some money.
I'm down a man,
a good fucking man.
One that you took out, remember?
Oh, you mean that fucking cretin
that you wanted to whack me--
that guy?
Is that how you picture this?
You broke his neck
and you stabbed his guts out
and you left him
on my fucking driveway.
We went light on him, okay, pal?
I picture you coming
into my joint with an ultimatum,
and then you have this fucking
mook try to blow my brains out.
And for a brief moment,
I actually
entertained the notion
of coming to your house,
setting it on fucking fire
with you in it.
But you know what?
I didn't do it.
I said, "Let it pass."
And here we are,
talking like gentlemen.
Imagine that.
I know that Kansas City deals
in regular rackets
across the board.
Are you guys invested
in, say, growing weed?
Why do you want to know that?
I'm just curious.
Are you involved
in cannabis farming,
say, in Oklahoma?
Not anymore.
It's a pain in my ass.
I left it to the China-billys.
So, you're out?
Or are you growing
someplace else?
Missouri and parts of Texas.
Is this heading somewhere?
I'm just saying that I heard
that Texas is going through
a very bad drought, that's all.
And what are you,
a fucking weatherman now?
Not a weatherman,
but I'm just saying
that for your business,
it must be slowing down
without water.
Hey, don't worry about
the fucking water problem.
- [Vince] Hold on.
- Worry about this problem.
Don't tell me to hold on.
Worry about this problem.
You're in the weed business.
The right thing to do is
you cut us in for a taste of it.
- Yeah.
- [Dwight] Mm-hmm.
How about a week from never?
Is that too soon?
- Ah, perfect timing.
- Here you go.
Sure you don't want one?
That's okay, I'm an adult.
[Dwight] Don't know
what you're missing here.
I left New York to the rats.
Four-legged and otherwise.
I don't owe you
or Chickie nothing,
not a dollar.
You guys owe me.
I spent 25 years
behind the wall for you guys.
And as for Kansas City,
we're neighbors, man.
We can't be
at each other's throats.
So what I'm willing to do
is give you 15%
off the top,
and you provide security
and distribution if needed.
15% off the top?
Hmm?
Maybe I can live with that.
And for the sake of peace,
I have another idea
that you might be interested in.
- What's that?
- Top-quality weed
at $600 a pound,
specially for you.
[laughs]
Now I get it. You.
Yeah.
You've got fucking square balls,
I'll tell you that much.
And what about you--
the fuck you got to offer?
We've got gray market Ozempic.
Fake-zempic.
His stuff makes you fatter.
Come on.
That's fucking bullshit.
It's a big markup.
People love it.
I'll even ship it to you
'cause you got to keep it cold.
It's my pleasure.
That's nice-- "pleasure."
Fake shit?
[chuckles]
They love it?
Wow, you know,
I heard when Pete died
that you guys
became lightweights,
but not to this fucking extent.
Five fifty on the weed.
Five ninety.
Bullshit. 560.
Five eighty or I'm on the jet.
You're bluffing.
Five seventy-five, 'cause
you know that's all it's worth.
Oh, you're a ball buster.
Five seventy-five,
done and done.
Let's shake on it.
You're different.
Give you that much.
Fuck you too, General.
And fuck you, Bill.
Hold on. What the fuck
does New York get?
The milkshakes.
Both of 'em.
♪ upbeat blues ♪
***
- [door opens]
- [entry bell jingles]
[Ming] Tell me more
about this wind farm.
[Thresher] Aw, come on,
it's just a personal beef
between me and Manfredi.
The son of a bitch
bought the place. His...
arrogance, his entitlement,
just stuck in my craw.
He wants to create power
to grow weed.
[chuckles]
There are hundreds
of tiny growers.
Why would you care?
This my business, not yours.
Look, he's a thug.
An interloper.
Piece of New York trash
that just showed up
and thinks he can do
whatever the hell he wants.
So, solve the problem.
♪ foreboding music
***
What does that mean?
You don't defeat an enemy
by using half measures.
***
[Chickie] You know,
the gun belonged to my dad.
Fucking heirloom.
Maybe you'll get it back.
Fat fucking chance.
- Oh.
- There he is.
Where you been? I've been
trying you the last hour.
My battery's dead
ringing you all day.
I was locked up. They kept me
there for six hours.
Jesus.
So, what happened?
We reschedule?
Reschedule?
What are you talking about?
I wasn't there.
That's what
I'm fucking talking about.
No, we sat down.
They come all the way
to Atlanta.
I don't care if they
came from Africa.
How do you have a sit-down
without a decision-maker?
What am I? A coffee boy?
You're not a boss.
I never said I was.
I'm a fucking captain.
What was said?
We came to terms.
Dwight gives K.C.
a deal on weed
and we kick in some Ozempic.
- And what do we get?
- How you mean?
What does Dwight give us?
Nothing.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
He's in Tulsa
'cause we sent him there.
You mean to tell me you went
all the way to Atlanta
to put money in
fucking Bevilaqua's pocket?
We've been down this road
with Dwight. He pushes back
every fucking time.
What makes you think he's
- gonna start kicking up now?
- You know,
you're a stupid motherfucker.
You got the brains
of a fucking six-year-old.
Wasn't me took a gun
to the fucking airport.
Fucking jerkoff.
♪ tense music ♪
***
Whoa.
Hey, thanks for coming by
on such short notice.
Eh, it's not a problem.
All right? And remember,
it's called a garbage disposal,
not a dispose-all.
[laughs] All right.
I am officially fried.
I don't know how
you do this every day.
I do it every day
without a helper.
You ever wanted me
to get into this work?
Yeah, listen, if it's
not for you, it's not for you.
Well, you think
I'd be good at it?
Well, son,
figure you could do anything
you put your mind to.
- Yeah.
- [engine starts]
♪ haunting music
***
♪ "I'm a Ram" by Ali Angel
♪ Drive on...
How was Atlanta?
Y'all sing "Kumbaya"?
No, we stuck a deal
I could live with.
Good to hear.
That mean we're off red alert?
I wouldn't say that.
It's smart to keep
your guard up.
- How'd Tina do?
- Good.
Great, actually.
- She's a regular Annie Oakley.
- Ah, well.
Anyway, thanks for that.
She's a beautiful woman.
My pleasure.
[phone rings]
[Dwight]
Yeah, Tyson, what's up?
Hey, what's up, Boss?
How was the trip?
It's okay.
I'll fill you in later.
Listen, I got a-I got
a big one to ask you.
I want to buy the Navigator.
Yeah, why?
Just because of Donnie?
That thing's used, he'll give
you a deal on a new one.
Even still, I can't afford that.
Look, the blue-blue book on this
is going for, like,
fif-fifty grand.
I-I can do that.
I promise, I won't miss a beat.
Listen, it's important
that I pay for it myself.
I got my reasons.
Okay. Don't sound
so serious about it.
Go for it.
Thank you.
♪ Ooh, yeah, you
So, we didn't get everything,
but no one ever does.
The whatchacall is good,
the Ozempic.
There's the weed, too.
- What, you don't agree?
- Yeah.
We...
Discounted weed for Carl's life.
Gonna haunt me every time
I see his widow.
Shouldn't have caved.
Why did you?
I don't know.
What I do know is we got fucked.
Manfredi's got my lunch money.
You made a deal, though, right?
Fuck that.
What's that mean?
It means why don't you get off
your ass and start helping me?
That's what it means.
♪ sinister music
***
Take this to the table, babe?
Thank you.
Got the sweet tea?
Yep, I got it.
[laughs] What'd I tell you
about that chili, huh?
- That thing busts.
- And with Mama's cornbread?
It tastes even better after
you have a hard day of work.
Ty went to work with you?
Yeah, he, uh, chauffeured me
in that Navigator.
Y'all got to see this thing.
I mean, sound system,
GPS, heated seats.
Right?
And the dashboard looks...
looks like something
off of a spaceship.
- You love that car, huh, Pop?
- You know I do.
That's good, I'm glad you do.
Because it's yours now.
- Stop teasing your father.
- I'm not teasing, Ma.
What are you talking about?
I bought it, now it's yours.
What?
You heard me. It's yours.
H-How do you, uh...
how the hell you expect me
to take that?
It's a gift, Dad.
I paid for it.
With my own money.
Man, that car
got to cost a fortune.
Not everything
come with a price, Pop.
♪ heartfelt music
***
[sniffles]
[Mark]
Oh, yeah.
As long as I can
take this thing to work,
that starter can
take as long as it wants to.
You enjoy yourself, now.
- [Mark] Oh, I will. [chuckles]
- [laughs]
Look at you,
all happy over there.
- [car alarm beeps]
- You see that?
[laughs]
♪ tense music
***
Dad, no!
[grunts]
Dad! Dad!
Dad!